hey this is Anthony we can watch just
sign and ride welcome to our brief
graphical overview of the new speed and
strength SS 1700 Lock and Load 2.0
graphic available at revzilla.com that
was a mouthful this is the Lock and Load
2.0 on a 1700 from speed and strength
now we know the 1700 it's going to be
modular a little bit more of a sports
sport touring option from speed and
strength and the nice part is you have a
spring-loaded drop-down Sun Visor so we
have that working force d-o-t ECE rated
and in my estimation I like the fact
that it's 3 pounds 9 ounces it's going
to have a pretty light weight to it
considering that is modular in that
category now this is the Lock and Load
2.0 there was originally a locking load
less sexy than this this is going to be
the updated version where you have your
pops of color this is the high vis Gert
version one of five colors and you'll
see there's a bit of texture and then a
big of big a bit of big bold color here
and high vis fashion and then that's
complemented with some reflectivity
we're going to get to that in a second
from a fitment standpoint keep in mind
intermediate oval head shape a little
bit front longer front to back typically
in line with what we see from speeding
strength but the SS 1700 as a whole fits
about a half size big so if you're in
between sizes on the size chart go or
this size down you're gonna have a
little bit more room to move here and
again being that it's modular it's gonna
be a little bit more lightweight we'll
say around the cheek area now we will
ship for free over 39 bucks and as
always as I work through the nuance here
click our logo subscribe to us at
RevZilla TV make a good decision leave
us your comments your questions your
feedback on the new Lock and Load 2.0
graphic now if we dive into the graphic
itself remember 5 colors black blue
orange red this is going to be your high
vis notice our high vis gradient
breaking around the back here almost
kind of in this Tron inspired feel and
then you have speed and strength in
concentric circles working its way into
the graphic notice the way that this is
all laid out it creates that nice depth
of texture from afar it's just gonna
look like a cool design when you get up
close it's actually their logo the other
thing you're missing here these white
bands are going to be reflective and
slightly glow-in-the-dark
so when all these colors are all in
these helmets you're going to have that
great reflective feature especially
riding at night that gives you a better
chance to be seen you can see how the
graphic comes together along the jaw
line here
I rotate it around you're going to see
it along the sides and the speed and
strength low going comes into play
across the back again a little bit of a
cutaway feel here a little bit of these
big bands that tie it all together but
for me for the commuter for the sport
oriented rider for the sport tour this
is going to be a great option on a
modular helmet really speaking to a
mixture of maturity safety and a little
bit of speed and strength aggression the
next step in your journey is to click
right here read other rider reviews the
new Lock and Load 2.0 graphic at
revzilla.com
you don't have to take my word for it as
always we'll ship for free over 39 bucks
if you want to talk to a gear geek
see us at revzilla.com rates haven't
seven seven nine two nine four five five
thanks for watching our brief graphical
overview of the new speed and strength
Lock and Load 2.0 i'm anthe we'll see
you next time
you